>> Woodruff: AFTER ALMOST A
MONTH OF FIGHTING, ISRAEL PULLED
ITS GROUND TROOPS OUT OF GAZA AS
A THREE DAY CEASE-FIRE BEGAN,
SETTING THE STAGE FOR POSSIBLE
LONG TERM TRUCE TALKS IN EGYPT.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Ifill: AND I'M GWEN IFILL.
ALSO AHEAD THIS TUESDAY: WHY
INVESTING IN COMPANIES THAT
PROMOTE WOMEN LEADERS CAN BE
GOOD FOR YOUR POCKETBOOK.
>> THERE'S ACTUALLY RESEARCH
THAT SHOWS THAT WOMEN ARE BETTER
INVESTORS.
SO WHAT YOU ACTUALLY SEE AMONGST
VENTURE CAPITAL STARTUPS, YOU'LL
SEE THAT WOMEN-OWNED COMPANIES
PERFORM BETTER.
>> Woodruff: AND THE CULTURE OF
VIOLENCE FOR JUVENILES IN JAIL.
THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT FINDS NEW
YORK CITY'S RIKER'S ISLAND A
VIOLENT AND UNSAFE PRISON FOR
TEENAGE INMATES, EXPOSING THEM
TO UNNECESSARY AND EXCESSIVE
FORCE.
THOSE ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIGHT'S PBS NEWSHOUR.